== Description

Injection is a simple dependency injection plugin for Rails 3. It allows you to inject objects into your controllers and observers which have been described in a yaml file (config/objects.yml).

* http://github.com/atomicobject/injection

(for the Rails 2 plugin install from the rails_2_plugin tag of this repository)

== Features
  
* Declarative dependency injection that automatically instantiates ivars via the objects.yml file

== Synopsis
 To specify objects to be injected from the DIY context into your controller or observer
 use the inject class method:

   inject :one_component, :another

=== Example

 This example defines a context with two objects, _foo_ and _bar_, which 
 are injected into every instance of the WidgetController or WidgetObserver.  The objects 
 are available as instance variables within the controller and observer.
 
 config/objects.yml:
   ---
   foo:
   bar:
 
 lib/foo.rb:
   class Foo
     ...
   end
 
 lib/bar.rb:
   class Bar
     ...
   end
 
 app/controllers/widget_controller.rb:
   class WidgetController < ApplicationController
     inject :foo, :bar
 
     def index
       render :text => "{@foo.inspect} {@bar.inspect}"
     end
   end
  
 app/models/widget_observer.rb:
   class WidgetObserver < ActiveRecord::Observer
     inject :foo, :bar
     
     before :save do |widget|
      @foo.bar(widget)
      @bar.foo(widget)
     end
   end 
 
=== Declarative Observations
 
 Observations on an Active Record object can be specified in a declarative way using
 the before and after class methods. The methods are invoked with a
 symbol which specifies what kind of event the observer is interested in, and a block 
 that defines what actions it will perform.
 
   class WidgetObserver < ActiveRecord::Observer
     before :update do |record|
       ...
     end
 
     after :create do |record|
       ...
     end
 
     after :validation do |record|
       ...
     end
 
     before :validation do |record|
       ...
     end
   end
 
== Requirements

* constructor[http://rubygems.org/gems/constructor]
* diy[http://rubygems.org/gems/diy]

== Install

* gem install injection

== License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2007-2011 Atomic Object

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
